DOC Document ability to loop over arrays in templates (#517)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.0.0.md

### Other new features

> - Native PHP arrays can now be passed into templates and iterated over with `<% loop $MyArray %>` as though they were [`ArrayList`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData) objects. You can get the count using `$Count` and use `<% if $ArrayList %>` as a shortcut for `<% if $ArrayList.Count %>`. Other functionality from `ArrayList` such as filtering and sorting cannot be used on arrays.

Reviewer: Leaving this not done for now pending a final decision on the main PR - but if it's merged as-is (i.e. wrapping in `ArrayList`) I'll make this change.

```suggestion
- Native indexed PHP arrays can now be passed into templates and iterated over with `<% loop $MyArray %>`. Under the hood they are wrapped in [`ArrayList`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData), so you can get the count using `$Count` and use `<% if $ArrayList %>` as a shortcut for `<% if $ArrayList.Count %>`. Other functionality from `ArrayList` such as filtering and sorting cannot be used on arrays since they don't have keys to filter or sort against.
    - Note that associative arrays will continue to be wrapped in `ArrayData`, which means you can access their values by key but may not be able to iterate over them.
```

### Other new features

- Native indexed PHP arrays can now be passed into templates and iterated over with `<% loop $MyArray %>`. Under the hood they are wrapped in [`ArrayList`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData), so you can get the count using `$Count` and use `<% if $ArrayList %>` as a shortcut for `<% if $ArrayList.Count %>`. Other functionality from `ArrayList` such as filtering and sorting cannot be used on arrays since they don't have keys to filter or sort against.

>   - Note that associative arrays will continue to be wrapped in `ArrayData`, which means you can access their values by key but may not be able to iterate over them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: They are still wrapped if they're nested in an array/ArrayList - but you can't return them directly from a controller.  I'm not sure if it's even worth mentioning assoc arrays here because their usage is inconsistent and confusing

Reviewer: Not worth mentioning, since the work to deal with those was split out into https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-framework/issues/11262

Reviewer: Done
